predator tools the highest quality
digging tool hand-built by George leshy
predator tools are designed for the
serious treasure hunters landscapers and
gardeners who want to dig fast and easy
don't settle for the cheap imitations
that can bend and break demand the best
visit us on the web at predator tools
com hey guys welcome to this episode of
research and recovery today is Easter
and we thought we'd come out and do a
little relic hunting instead of Easter
egg hunting so I've got Brian over here
he's somewhere back in the thicket back
here but we just got a pretty good relic
here there's actually two of them in the
hole and this one is broken in half and
these are actually burnside cartridges
and like I said we've hunted this place
before and we don't know what we're
going to find if anything well we've
already found a relic here but so that I
got a feeling the pickings are going to
be slim but we'll see what we can find
alright so I walked over and Brian he
we're pretty much taking a break Brian
came up to me and he said yeah I think I
found some brass don't exactly know what
it is so granted we took a minute to
look at it see what it is I'll just show
you guys what we got see if you can make
that out there's a little Ridge right
there and there's looks like an odd but
it's actually a you part of you anyways
what is that
the u.s. buckle breastplate breastplate
box plate rocks play time probably just
the thin piece of brass out here and
we've been here before man kind of rest
of let's do it Brown said he's got
another piece to it here just a small
piece but you can definitely see the rim
there
chances are the rest of us there man
peace that sucker together all right
well I've come out of the woods a little
bit and Brian he's still in there
searching around a few places that we've
kind of hit a little bit but he's just
going over them just a couple more times
and I've come out into an open area and
I found what appears to be a bullet down
here
sure what kind that's going to be it
might be I think they call them soul
bullets I believe so we'll definitely
take this home and see what it comes out
to be American digger magazine promoting
responsible excavation and collecting of
all artifacts relating to America each
issue highlights recent finds news and
reviews of products and tips and tricks
give us a call or head on over to
American digger com subscribe to the
only magazine for diggers and collectors
of America's heritage